**RealmCraft: A Role-Playing Game Simulation in C++**

Compilation:

    make

Run: 

    make run



We implement a simulation of a role-playing game (RPG) in C++. The game will include items, spells, heroes, and monsters. Heroes and monsters inhabit a world represented by a grid. Heroes can engage in battles with monsters, using items and spells to defeat them, or they can buy items to aid them in their adventure. Each time heroes defeat monsters, they collect money and gain experience. When they accumulate enough experience, heroes 'level up,' becoming stronger in their individual abilities.

An item has a name, a purchase value, and a minimum level at which the hero must be to use it. A weapon is an item that the hero can use to attack monsters, with a specific amount of damage it inflicts on the opponent. It may require one or both hands of the hero to use. Armor is an item that, when worn by a hero, reduces the damage received from an opponent's attack. A potion is an item that, when used by a hero, increases a specific statistic by a certain amount. Potions are single-use items and cannot be reused.

A spell represents a magical attack that a hero can execute. A spell has a name, a cost, and a minimum level requirement for the hero to use it. A spell has a damage range it can cause, as well as a magical energy cost to execute. After execution, this amount of magical energy is subtracted from the hero. The damage level caused by a spell depends on the hero's skill value and always falls within a specified range. An IceSpell is a spell that, in addition to causing damage, reduces the opponent's damage range for a few rounds. A FireSpell is a spell that, in addition to causing damage, reduces the opponent's defense for a few rounds. A LightningSpell is a spell that, in addition to causing damage, reduces the opponent's chance to dodge an attack for a few rounds.

A living entity represents a living being in the game world. It has a name, a level, and a health power amount. When the health power reaches zero, the living entity faints. A hero is a living entity with a magical power amount and characteristics that affect its battle ability. A hero has strength, dexterity, and agility values. Strength is added to the damage caused by a weapon, dexterity allows more efficient execution of spells, and agility allows the hero to possibly dodge an opponent's attack. A hero has a money amount and an experience amount. When a hero gains enough experience, it levels up. At each level, the hero's strength, dexterity, and agility values increase by a certain amount.

A warrior is a hero favored in strength and agility. This means that the initial values in these statistics will be higher than the others, and when the hero levels up, these statistics will be more affected. A sorcerer is a hero favored in the areas of skill and agility. A paladin is a hero favored in the areas of strength and skill. A monster is a living being. It has a range of damage it can inflict with each attack, a defense value that subtracts from the damage it takes in an opponent's attack, and a chance to evade some attacks from its opponent. A dragon is a monster favored in the range of damage it can cause. A monster with an exoskeleton is a monster favored in the defense value it possesses. A spirit is a monster favored in how often it avoids attacks from its opponent.

The game world is described by a grid of specific dimensions. At any given moment, the team of heroes (at least one and at most three) is located on a square of the grid and can move one square up, down, right, or left (move). Grid squares may be inaccessible to heroes (nonAccessible), may have a market, or may simply be common squares (common). Heroes cannot visit squares that are not accessible. Heroes can buy items and spells (buy) in the market if they have enough money. They can also sell items and spells they own (sell) at half the price they bought them for. Transactions in this case will be done through a suitable menu where the player can see all items for sale or purchase, as well as information about them (price, hero level to use, etc.).

Finally, every time heroes visit a common square, there is a chance they may engage in a battle with monsters of a corresponding level. The battle in this case happens automatically. When heroes do not buy or sell items and when they are not in battle, they can check the items they own (checkInventory), use different weapons, wear different armor (equip), or use a filter (use). The player can display information about their heroes at any time, such as their level, health, etc. The player can also display the grid (displayMap) at any time. Additionally, the player can quit the game (quitGame).

Finally, a battle takes place between heroes and monsters. The battle is conducted in rounds, starting with the heroes, and does not stop until the vital energy of all monsters or all heroes reaches zero. If the battle ends because the heroes won, they receive some money based on their level and the number of monsters they faced. Also, each hero gains an amount of experience that is again proportional to their level and the number of monsters. If the battle ends because the monsters won, the heroes lose half of their money. Heroes, as well as monsters, regenerate some amount of their vital energy every round unless it has reached zero. Also, heroes regenerate some amount of their magical energy every round. If after the end of a battle, a hero has remaining vital energy zero, it is restored to half of its normal vital energy. During a battle and when it is the heroes' turn, the player chooses for each hero whether to make a normal attack (attack), cast a spell (castSpell), or use a filter (use). They can also change weapons and armor. Each hero can only perform one of the previous actions in each round. In each round, the player can display the statistics of each hero and monster (displayStats). Implement the above through the appropriate classes, defining the data members needed as well as the functions referred to along with anything else you consider necessary to implement the above behavior. For the names of heroes, monsters, weapons, armor, filters, and spells, some auxiliary files are provided, but it is not necessary to use them.


